README.md, before:

<!-- modrinth_exclude.start -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png">
  <h1>recode</h1>
</div>
<!-- modrinth_exclude.end -->

recode is a utility-focused fabric mod for [DiamondFire](https://mcdiamondfire.com/home/) to make development more fun. It is the official successor to [CodeUtilities](https://github.com/CodeUtilities/CodeUtilities-2.0), from which it was cloned.

Feel free to join the recode Discord server: https://discord.gg/GWxWtcwA2C

<!-- modrinth_exclude.start -->
Or check the Modrinth page: https://modrinth.com/mod/recode
<!-- modrinth_exclude.end -->

## Features

DiamondFire is a Minecraft server where you can create your own minigames with code. recode seeks to improve the DF experience beyond the limitations of a server plugin. All features in the mod are toggleable to provide everyone with the modular experience they prefer most.

- Utility commands to supercharge your code, such as importing Note Block Studio files as Code Templates
- Automation of frequently used commands, such as `/resetcompact` and `/chat local`
- DiamondFire-specific keybinds
- The ability to hide messages you don't want
- Additional HUDs, such as the LagSlayer HUD to keep your action bar free
- An additional Sided Chat to partition your messages
- And much more!

## Download

You can download the mod [on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/recode/versions). This is the recommended place to get all versions of recode.

### Latest Builds

In some cases, you may wish to download the absolute latest build of the mod, which may have a feature or fix you need (but is not officially supported and will likely have other bugs).

If you have a GitHub account, you can find the build for a run by clicking on the run as found [here](https://github.com/homchom/recode/actions/workflows/build.yml) and scrolling to "latest build" at the bottom. The latest build is the top entry.

If you do *not* have a GitHub account, consider [nightly.link](https://nightly.link/) instead.

## Contributing

recode is an open-source mod, so anyone in the DiamondFire community is welcome (and encouraged!) to help with the project. We only ask that you skim the following first: https://github.com/homchom/recode/wiki/Contributing:-Getting-Started

Commit message:

add %player and correct README This might be the only commit in this fork. I just need %player!

README.md, after:

## recode-legacyfriendly
A fork (more of a custom build) of recode with the intent of un-deprecating text hightlighting things that are
"deprecated" but still work in DiamondFire. Currently, this fork only adds back support for %player.

Original README below.

---


<!-- modrinth_exclude.start -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png">
  <h1>recode</h1>
</div>
<!-- modrinth_exclude.end -->

recode is a utility-focused fabric mod for [DiamondFire](https://mcdiamondfire.com/home/) to make development more fun. It is the official successor to [CodeUtilities](https://github.com/CodeUtilities/CodeUtilities-2.0), from which it was cloned.

Feel free to join the recode Discord server: https://discord.gg/GWxWtcwA2C

<!-- modrinth_exclude.start -->
Or check the Modrinth page: https://modrinth.com/mod/recode
<!-- modrinth_exclude.end -->

## Features

DiamondFire is a Minecraft server where you can create your own minigames with code. recode seeks to improve the DF experience beyond the limitations of a server plugin. All features in the mod are toggleable to provide everyone with the modular experience they prefer most.

- Utility commands to supercharge your code, such as importing Note Block Studio files as Code Templates
- Automation of frequently used commands, such as `/resetcompact` and `/chat local`
- DiamondFire-specific keybinds
- The ability to hide messages you don't want
- Additional HUDs, such as the LagSlayer HUD to keep your action bar free
- An additional Sided Chat to partition your messages
- And much more!

## Download

You can download the mod [on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/recode/versions). This is the recommended place to get all versions of recode.

### Latest Builds

In some cases, you may wish to download the absolute latest build of the mod, which may have a feature or fix you need (but is not officially supported and will likely have other bugs).

If you have a GitHub account, you can find the build for a run by clicking on the run as found [here](https://github.com/homchom/recode/actions/workflows/build.yml) and scrolling to "latest build" at the bottom. The latest build is the top entry.

If you do *not* have a GitHub account, consider [nightly.link](https://nightly.link/) instead.

## Contributing

recode is an open-source mod, so anyone in the DiamondFire community is welcome (and encouraged!) to help with the project. We only ask that you skim the following first: https://github.com/homchom/recode/wiki/Contributing:-Getting-Started
